welcome to sam's business growth show
i'm sam dunning a digital marketing
sales and business growth evangelist
tune in and subscribe today as i'll be
interviewing business leaders
experts and entrepreneurs from around
the globe you'll be learning their story
how digital marketing has helped them
along the way and exclusive tips
insights to help you skyrocket your own
business
[Music]
and welcome back to a fresh episode of
sam's business growth show
i'm thrilled today to be joined by the
cells mastermind and legend that is
keenan kino's author of the best-selling
sales book and amazon number one release
gap selling
he's ceo of a sales guy consulting and
training
through a sales guy keenan has helped
companies increase sales 300
and he positions companies to raise
millions of dollars in funding
rebuild sales cultures implement abm
strategies
and build sales teams for multi-million
dollar mergers
plus he stops negative sales growth he's
been featured in fast company
harvard business review inc and many
more and he's a forbes top 30 social
sales influencer back in 2014.
keenan excited to chat to you my man
how's it going good baby good good good
cool dude so there's plenty we want to
learn from your good self
and so we'd like to start with learning
a bit more about your story so a bit of
background on you
where you grew up and a few of the key
places you worked at
up to founding your own company and if
you could share with us a few actionable
tips
that you picked up along the way it
could be in sales could be a business or
it could be a marketing
and there's a few at one time that's a
lot less
problems at one time come on man um
i grew up in boston it's the best way to
put it um
uh kind of bounced all over my parents
got divorced when i was young so um
you know bounce all over my mom got ill
with diabetes when i was 13 so went and
live with my dad
um and uh so i think that's where i got
my first sort of exposure to
to just business and who i am in general
like i i was just a kid who
always wanted to like be working on
something like like if you've ever had
like a
a uh australian shepherd or a border
collie the type of dogs just has to be
working right it doesn't just sit still
like
it's hurting something or digging
something or finding something or
chasing a ball like it just can't be
seen still
and i was that kid so you know i think
uh people ask me this question a lot and
and
i have three daughters and last night i
was watching um
uh i'm not your negro but james baldwin
um
i hope i got his first name right shame
on me but anyways um and
it's about his experiences with malcolm
x and martin luther king
and the uh this year london audience i
apologize you don't know a lot of us
history but it's going somewhere i'm
going somewhere with this
but i just remember i remember watching
that i've read
tons of books on uh
race in america and being black in
america and i have a solid understanding
being black myself of the history and
what goes on but as i was watching that
that made me realize that when i was a
kid my dad made me watch stuff
like that or other things and i make my
children
watch not just that relating to race in
america but to anything and everything
my dad
exposed me to lots of [__] and my mom
exposed me to lots of stuff
and expected that i read and learn and
pay attention like
when i was a kid when i was like 12
years old 11 years old i
knew who the secretary of defense casper
weinberger was like i
knew [__] you know what i'm saying him
so why am i telling you all this
all of being exposed to stuff and and
being challenged as a kid to be aware
and what's going on
combined with his natural inability to
sit still
i was the kid starting lemonade stands
everywhere i was the kid going
door-to-door
selling the most raffle tickets for my
school's you know
fundraiser or some of those chocolate
bars or or you know creating a
you know a pretty piece of [__] but fun
to do
haunted house in our in my basement of
which we tried to sell you know
tried to sell on the market to people
going down the street i mean i was
always doing [__]
and so where did i go with all this last
night it made me realize
that much of who i am today and many of
the things i've been willing to
accomplish willing to fail at willing to
do
came from a childhood that
just demanded of me to be exposed to
stuff and try stuff
and be aware of stuff it was anything
but shelter
you know what i'm saying and um and and
i'm trying to do that with my daughters
like i make my daughters go outside and
do [__] my daughter started a
uh a um chocolate chip um
cookie business where it's actually
ingenious my youngest she's the really
smart one because she keeps doing it the
other two like yeah
i raise them two privilege they don't
lack for much but my youngest
they created it's called three sisters
cookies and they literally
designed when they were like seven six
and like four
drew a picture of themselves you know
how rough that would have looked right
like little stickmans and they
wrote their names under each of them and
then i
digitized it and put it on a sticker and
so this round sticker and then when they
make these cookies and wrap them they
put that sticker on and said three
sisters cookies you could tell little
kids do it
and they'd go out with a little basket
and they'd sell this [__] to people and
they make sixty dollars seventy dollars
in a day by smashing it man yeah they're
like [__] lemonade stands like they
would make the cookies an hour and a
half
they'd sell each cookie for three
dollars or two for five bucks they could
get like
15 or 20 cookies into the little basket
i mean they made it like that
i mean there's like so many point
stories yeah i'm teaching my kids that
that's what happened to me
and and i think that's really what drove
me or played a huge role in in sort of
who i am today and how i see the world
and tackle business today
got it man so exposed to a lot of things
from a young age
and it sounds like you're trying all
sorts out all sorts of different
entrepreneurial ideas
yeah and um that's what i've brought
and like you said you can't sit still a
bit like myself really that's that's why
my
uh my fiance always has to go and we
always always want to be working on the
next idea or
seeing what's going on with work or
working on the podcast yeah i can
totally relate to you
so okay so that from a young age so then
um
if there are a few experiences in
business perhaps a few places that you
worked at keenan up to
founding your own company that you could
share with us any um
any stories when it comes to sales
lessons or business lessons or even
marketing lessons that
that jump out from from your experiences
to date until you started your business
i mean i mean it really depends on how
one defines that
but i think for me personally um
the there are a couple lessons that
stand out the most that were the biggest
so the first one was
um you know i got into the so i didn't
start
recording real career until later i was
27 so
you know that's not sitting still i i
still had to have fun so i was
you know i i went to college for a
couple years just partied barely kept my
grades up
uh left after two years moved to vail
uh to be a ski bum it was a ski bum for
a year
had a time in my life it was amazing i
was unbelievable skied like 130 straight
days
um partied every night i mean it was
just phenomenal
then i went to boulder colorado uh
instead of going back to boston then
partied there for a few years and i was
like okay i got to get my [__] together
so
i went back to school um and then i was
going back to
still partying but at least i'm going to
college and got my grades up from a 2-0
to a 3-0 so at least i was a semi-real
student
and um and then bartending at night etc
and then so then i left that
i just i was started modeling and that
was going okay
yes and so i moved to um south beach
miami to
take it to the next level i had been
working with where i'd work with lots of
major brands
and also tommy hilfiger and stuff like
that and then i got a call from a buddy
i think i was 26 26 or 27.
i got a call from a buddy he's like you
got to come home i'm like what do you
mean
this whole thing of playing and modeling
and partying you got to stop it's over i
got a job for you
you'll crush it at this job and so i
said okay and it was selling chamber
memberships for the denver metro chamber
of commerce
so all right yeah we these chamber of
commerce is the business join
in local cities and they pool all their
resources and they help influence
policy or and they also have programs
help businesses grow blah blah blah
so what i learned at that one was that
if you just how to out-hustle everybody
so they i had never worked a day in my
life in a real job and they were nervous
to hire me and the only reason they
hired me is because my buddy
knew them knew the head of sales or
whatever right so this is all right
we'll give you a chance but they hired
another dude with me as like their
safety net you know what i'm saying
that dude didn't make it three months i
broke every sales record started beating
all of the
the the guys who've been there forever
you know the veterans blah blah so i
realized oh you can just
hustle people first thing i learned then
from there i i got another job
uh where i doubled my salary my base
salary selling i.t consulting services
and then became a partner at that firm
within two and a half two years two and
a half years something like that
um and he had to be there a year before
you'd be a partner so i just crushed
that job
and and honestly i hustled everybody but
i just just crushed that job as well
so then from there a client uh a partner
client hired me into a new job and this
was a big
big big billion dollar company to be
vice president of sales
so and i ran a 300 million dollar line
of business that was through a
relationship i built
but from 1996 to 2000 so in like a three
year three and a half year
four year period i went from modeling on
the beaches south beach
to running a 300 million dollar line of
business 125 people
nationwide right so that was a good
question
i'm sorry that's quite a change yes so
when you get
when you say out hustle people keenan
can you break that down a little bit
what does that mean just
working non-stop kind of 12 hours a day
or more or does that mean something a
bit more what does that mean for you
um i i guess i reset their own
definition right for me it was less
about working
12 hours a day because i don't do that
even now i don't i don't i don't i can't
work
all the time i just i i have to be
working all the time but i can't
work all the time if that makes any
sense right so but it was for me is when
i was in that office this is remember
this is before
the internet or pretty much before the
unit there was there was email this is
1980 no this is a 1996
probably so there's email
you know what i'm saying and [__] like
that but it's
it's it's it's it was we were still
mailing out
tri folders you probably even too young
what the hell that means like the people
can you send me information we had these
little
folders you open them up and you'd put
stuff in the pockets and fold them and
put them in an envelope and mail that
[__] out we were still doing that
literally
we got something to say send me your
information we'd all walk out to this
table
that had all the slicks that you had and
you put it and then
put an envelope on it and put the
sticker on and mail that [__] out
literally so
got it but what i did in that time was i
didn't [__] around like when i was there
i made more calls i made extra calls i
was made smart calls it was like who am
i supposed to work on
i would be out driving home at night and
i'd see a truck with a
name on it and first thing i do then i'd
write it down the first thing i do the
next morning and see if they remember
see if anybody working on like oh i got
one
like i was just constantly just just on
it and
and and making more calls and figuring
out ways to make streamline my calls and
just so
i'd hustle that way i didn't just work
till you know
15 hours a day but when i was working i
just outworked them
got it man and was that a similar
situation in the next company because i
know you said you did the it job that
you crashed then you
went on to become a vp of sales was it
managing a whole bunch of people
and was that a similar thing you did you
just worked harder than everyone else or
was there any other
strategies you know i don't know if on
that one i worked harder
maybe i just worked smarter um yeah i
mean i just
that one was harder to see how other
people were working you know what i'm
saying that was it's hard to explain
that environment but it wasn't as
transactional right um i just learned it
i got in there learned that business
and again they did the same thing with
me that i had never sold this great
story behind it but i know we don't have
the time
um i never i didn't know what i t was i
didn't know it was
it was right before y2k i hadn't even
heard of y2k and this is like 1998 now
or something like that um so
they had no business hiring me i mean
had one year selling experience
one and didn't know anything about it
didn't know anything about computer
development didn't know anything about
y2k and they hired me and they hired
another girl
who had experience next to me and she
was their insurance policy same thing
happened the first time
she didn't make it three months and i
crushed it and became a partner right
so um i don't know man i just learned
the game
figured out what i need to do made the
calls put in the work
and just was obsessed i don't i don't
like to fail got it
got it and just before we get into how
you set up
a sales guy consulting and training is
there anything else any other
experiences that might be of value to
our audience
yeah i think what i tell people here is
so that those first three years were
great and i loved them
loved them i had a blast loved i mean i
would be excited to go to work like i'd
wake up
i could go to work today right the place
i worked was awesome i got amazing
lessons on how to build a company there
that's a much longer story
the ceo at the time well this guy who
started it own 80
of the business he had grown it from um
with just
a partner from uh like basically nothing
up to 150 million dollars
which was you know and this is a
consulting which is cash heavy right
like not a lot of assets
but so he was i mean he was making bank
and he was only 40 years old he started
when he was 30 and within 10 years he
grew up to that and i just learned a lot
from how to build a company right so
um but then after that i start i i
2000 comes i leave that job where i was
running with all those people i started
my own business failed had to go back
into the world
and that's when i got into some bigger
more um
political corporate world and
learned that i [__] hate the
corporate world i i find it to be the
most
uh inefficient thing on the planet
politics wins
um not necessarily the person who's the
best at what they do but the person who
best plays
the political game as a matter of fact
carl icahn if i could ever find it again
had said a great thing on 60 minutes he
said he would dismantle the whole thing
he says corporate america doesn't reward
the best most talented people
it rewards the people who can get along
with the people the best and so that
means anybody who bucks a system who
tries to challenge who tries to be
innovative who tries to
you know do what's right doesn't fare
well in those environments and the
people who just sort of learn how to
play kid everybody and work with
everybody
you know at the cost of the business
they get rewarded regardless right so
i learned really early on after that
that's not me
i can't do that [__] and so i was like
all right i'm out i can't do this
drives me insane and is that the point
where you set up on your
i assembled my own about three or four
different times like what a lot of
people understand
just like actors and actresses and stuff
like that um
you only see them when they pop up on
the scene like oh wow these guys are
great oh am i right
you know you didn't know that they had
been singing in bars
for five years before that or ten years
before that you didn't know like
you've ever heard of the movie fast
times at ridgemont high i haven't
actually
okay you gotta go get that movie it's
it's freaking hilarious it's an american
icon classic it came out like 82 or 81.
um it's about the surfing kid in
california
it's just it's an american classic right
nicholas cage is in that movie
and the only reason you would know it is
he's a fry cook like a like a
fried you know fried cookies yeah yeah
yeah like chips and stuff
yeah yeah and he's in the background as
is one of the main people that
characters is getting yelled at by a
customer
you see his face just behind him
you know looking and like that's
nicholas casey he was
just a nobody working before we ever
knew who he was is my point right
so i failed at three different
businesses before this took off
and um and so um i i
started a business fair went back to the
man found another business
started it fail went back to the man but
i kept trying to get out and finally i
got out this one i've been doing for
nine years ten years
fair play man so the audience tuning in
are always interested to know
a bit more about how you've grown your
business whether you've brought on
clients from
other jobs that you've acquired over
time or whether you've had success with
particular marketing strategies be it
digital
so it could be social it could be online
marketing or or whether it was all cold
whether it was all cold
reach prospecting via email or telephone
so if you could share a bit more about
how you've built your customer base how
you built up your sales pipeline keenan
you're always interested to know
yeah so i don't know if i'm a good model
to follow because most people
i don't know if most people have the
time to put in
um but i didn't start out to start this
business that's the irony in this and
it's
very reminiscent of my blog post or any
other type of content i create so i
i purposely started three businesses
in all three of those businesses failed
for different reasons i purposely don't
start this business and it's been my
most successful and it's been going for
10 years or nine years right so
i started blogging in 2009
um started that blogging because um
because my career went so quickly every
time i needed to get a new job with man
it took too long because my my ex my ex
my experience was uh
lagging my expertise so in other words
the number of years i've been working
was far
shorter than the level of actual
expertise that i had does that make any
sense
yeah yeah so so um
it just took me forever to find a job at
the level i was because i'd be competing
with people anywhere from
10 15 years older than me who had been
doing it for 10
15 years longer even though i was in the
same capacity so i started blogging
because i'm like i'm tired of this [__]
like
i'm gonna i'm gonna blog and i'm gonna
build an audience
and if i ever need to get a job i'll
write
to that audience if i get an audience of
a couple hundred people or a couple
thousand people
if i ever say i'm looking for a job
they've been reading me they know what i
do
they know how i do it that can be my
resume like that was my thought
well i did blog every day for two years
and all of a sudden people started
reaching out saying stuff like oh hey i
been reading your blog and i've been
struggling do you do consulting oh i've
been reading your blog do you do
coaching
and i remember my first client and she's
like i got a sales manager it's not
doing well
will you will you coach her and i was i
still had a real job so i could squeeze
that and no one would know
so i said i do have a number and she
said yeah okay great i was like that was
easy
so i took her on and then from there the
company i was working i just happened to
get acquired
they like the u.s sales organization go
i was vice president of sales operations
and strategy so i had a choice spent
another six months trying to find a job
or spend six months trying to build this
so let me see what it's gonna take to
build this and i never turn it back
nice dude so that's the blog that is
everything has been inbound until the
last
year when i finally went and hired a
sales person everything was inbound
nice one okay well that's that's almost
the dream isn't it being in sales all
the opportunities coming to you
yeah and you're qui you're quite ahead
of the curve really it sounds like
building the blog back in 2009 so it's a
little while ago now 11 or so years
yeah i was way ahead of the curve had no
idea but yeah way ahead of the curve
worked out well yeah absolutely
is that the is that the main source that
still drives leads now or are you guys
seeing other channels like paid ads seo
yeah
oh i don't blog i keep saying i want to
keep blogging but
i i don't blog nearly as much as i
should you know um
now it's mostly video from uh
youtube and from linkedin i'd say 80 of
the content i create now is on linkedin
got it linkedin that's the one awesome
so
gap selling there's a couple topics that
i want to cover
today um and i'm sure they're going to
be useful for the audience because we
haven't covered them yet on the show
so in in the book gap selling you say we
shouldn't be your buyer's [__] or we
a sales rep business owner whatever
should never be your buyer's [__]
um so why is that because often when
when we're dealing with with customers
sales people have a bad habit of bending
over backwards to try and get deals done
and so if we could talk a bit about that
and why we shouldn't obey
all the orders that prospective
customers ask us to do and why we should
take a backbone or be stronger yeah look
i mean
it's sort of like a relationship right
like you ever seen a relationship where
the guy the girl is just the other
person's little [__]
and one person's complete control and
the other one is just this
subjugated you know minion who does
whatever they say it never goes very one
of it does someone's not happy in the
relationship right
and so this is no different and what
happens is the reason sales people do
this
is because they haven't really
established themselves of offering any
value
they they pitch themselves or their
product and service
and then just then wait for the customer
to make the decision to do what the
customer asks or wait for the customer
to decide what they want to do and then
ask for more information or ask for this
and they really don't position
themselves at providing any value with
inside of the sales process
and so the buyer is is trained to
think that the sales person is
subjugated to the buyer buyer
salesperson
and what i say is don't even act that
way don't put yourself in that position
you do have all of the information about
the product you sell
the impact that product can have uh how
that that product can
influence a business and so therefore
you should position yourself as a
as like people say a trusted advisor or
a
partner in the selling process that can
help that
buyer and so if the buyer is not going
to let you work with them in that manner
then just don't do it like like because
i could promise you if the buyer if you
allow you
if you allow yourself to be the buyer's
[__] then you're an order taker
bottom line you you are not a seller
anymore you're no longer influencing the
sale you're no longer
influencing anything that's going on
you're literally just
a order taker and people pay way too
much money
for you to be to be an order take and
you're losing deal over deal over deal
you'll be working on deals it'll never
close you don't spend enough time on
deals that
could have closed or you missed the
opportunity to influence those deals
it's a [__] show
good point so i'm sure a lot of people
tuning in
are thinking there's so many instances
where
prospective customers ask me for a quote
they asked me for a proposal they asked
me to fill in an rfp
it might be over email it might be over
linkedin and
i'm sure a lot of people just think oh
yeah we'll fill that in they've given us
a basic brief
we're going to fill it in we're going to
send a quote but then never hear
anything back
so it's just absolute absolute silence
so
what's the best practice keenan if this
happens
yeah you you basically say no i mean you
don't even entertain it
right ever i mean if someone calls me up
and says hey keenan we're interested in
sales training how much could you send
us a proposal
i i mean i've already trained my
salesperson this way i'll do this
when i work with other companies that
train them saying think we're like hey
we first statement we'd love to help you
but before we send over [__] love to
understand what's going on inside the
organization
what are you struggling why do you think
you need sales training what's going on
anything to start the conversation to
bridge the gap or to or to begin to
start the process of trying to uncover
why they think they need sales training
because what i say to salespeople is if
you don't know
what listen sales people pay very close
attention if you don't know
why the customer should buy
then why are you selling it
like why are you telling me and it
amazes me i will ask people all the time
hey
you know why do they why are they buying
our sales training this is usually us
why are they buying a sales training
well they need sales training no that's
not an answer
like if i say why they want to buy and
say oh well because they need a new
chair
if that's what you sell why why the
event well they need new software that's
that's not an answer why do they need
new software
why do they need sales training well
because they're not making enough money
well that's still what is it not enough
money like well i don't know well then
you don't know why the [__] they need to
buy
salespeople literally sell things
without a complete picture
or understanding of what is currently
going on that is driving that need and
without that
understanding of what is currently going
on
your you can't sell period end of
discussion
so that's why you don't you say no
because here's the deal for every one of
those that would have bought
10 wouldn't have bought and you would
have spent countless hours and time and
effort chasing them down
putting them in their pipeline thinking
they're going to close counting on them
it's it's a waste so i'd rather you lose
that one
plus the other nine and only and only
respond to five and get two of those
right we'll get six and get two of those
six now you're at a thirty percent close
rate as opposed to a ten percent close
rate and you're doing half the work
got it got it so um knowing when to turn
turn business down and that's not even
turning business down see that's
what let's say like people say you don't
want to turn business down that in my
gap selling world turning business down
is after you've discovered
everything that's going on and you say
hey you know what i mean we could help
you but based on where you are today and
based on what you're trying to do i.e
the gap where you are today where you
want to be tomorrow
and understanding your your entire
current environment and blah blah
i don't think we're the best solution
what i would suggest to you is you go do
this
that's turning business down when
someone calls you up and says send me a
proposal
that's not even opening the door like
that's not turning business down because
you don't even know that that's business
that's literally not even opening the
door it's like a doctor
no doctor in their damn well good mind
would let someone walk in and say hey
give me a prescription for oxycodone
right i'll pay cash and give me a whole
year
supply right or or do this or give me an
mri
the doctor's like [__] off what what's
going on i'm not going to do a thing or
say a thing until you
tell me what's going on what's hurting
you how long's it been happening et
cetera sales people should be the same
way
great analogy yeah exactly right
enabling uh your prospective customers
to let you do proper discovery
and you can make sound recommendations
yes and tailored solutions got it
and in the in the book we talk about you
talk a lot about getting people to their
desired state or their future state
so could we can we can you give us a
quick snapshot
of the best way or any tangible examples
of how to get people excited because i
think that's
something i struggle with it's something
i've heard other people struggle with
they can
they can do discovery they can uncover
problems
they can uncover root causes but when it
comes to actually getting people to
imagine to get excited about the future
state it's always a tricky
tricky kind of thing when it comes to
storytelling things like that so if
you've got any
advice or piece of tips that might be
able to help people with that
okay let me ask you a question how long
have you been doing this um
podcast not long actually about six
months now
so since the start of the year right and
how many people have you interviewed
oh just over 50. 50 people in six months
yeah wow so how would you launch them
every day
at the moment i'm recording most days
okay and
and and do you love once you record how
long before you you
so i've managed to get a producer now so
it's about two to three weeks
so you've got 50 that you've got to get
out so basically you've got two years
supply right now backed up
no what i mean is there's 50 almost live
but at the moment i've probably got
about 10 or so i'm stuck
stopping okay okay and um
how much time does it take you to do all
this
it took me so much time i had to get a
producer so i've got my friend now that
produces edits
chops it all up when you say so much
what is so much timing what does that
mean so much time
yeah sure so it started affecting my
normal work so actually i worked for web
choice digital marketing company
so it took up time away from my selling
time
and so that's did it did it affect it
negatively were you starting to see
things slip or were you afraid things
were going to slip
yeah i mean it was it was making me
tired it was making me
um annoyed because actually i need to
focus on our main business
and uh okay and and how many how many
viewers or downloads or whatever right
now are you getting you don't mind
sharing
yeah yeah completely very so we put the
podcast out on youtube
anywhere up to 500 views per episode
then the
the downloads on the podcast are similar
at the moment
and and what type of guests are you
looking to get
so we we interview business leaders
experts and entrepreneurs around the
globe
so are you so you you don't you so your
vision is to get
just i mean your vision is to get the
type of people you're getting now are
you hoping to get bigger
bigger more well-known names yeah i mean
always looking to always looking to get
larger names so any
anyone who can we can that fits the bill
and when you think about the bigger
names if there were
certain types of names you could get who
would be some of the people you'd like
to get
i mean i've i've got people on my mind
but that's just because i want to make
the show controversial because i've had
a lot of sales leaders
so the the personal mind at the moment
is great
but purely for an iconic level okay all
right
and and how many when you envision
success how many people you think are
watching how many downloads and views
you think you're getting
or what other metrics you would use oh
what would be successful
20k a month something like that
downloads 20k plus downloads a month
okay so can you imagine when you think
about that
what is your plan to get that like what
is your plan over what time to get to
that 20 000 downloads a month
probably a year two years year or two
years okay and
so right now if you do the math are you
tracking to that in the next year
i don't think so okay do you see what i
just did right there
i literally just got your whole current
state
and i got you to talk about your future
state your vision you want to get to 20
000 downloads you want grant cardone
right
and check it out you're not on track
right now
to that 20 000. i could have asked if
you have any insights to crank guard
knowledge if you if i
kept going i would have flushed that out
and i would have realized that you're
not on track you have no insights grant
cardone et cetera and if i was selling a
product
that could have made those things happen
i've got your attention
you've opened me up like a book there
yeah i've got like i've got your
attention
i literally i have found what you all
that's current state stuff
why you got to produce how many of you
created how many downloads you're
getting how many views you're getting
the pain that it's causing you right i
got all of that
and then i got where you want to take
this what's important to you in the
future i just answered your question and
i showed everybody how to do it
amazing dude and you did it in about two
minutes
yep i've been officially gap sold love
it yes
yes so if i only had a product i could
have like moved that product right into
you right and i could have dug
even deeper and flushed it out and got
to suit you know to
you know what are the challenges of
growing it faster you know what i could
have done more and more and more but
that's to answer your question how do
you get people focused on the
on the future or the vision and get them
excited you do what i just did you get
them thinking about the current state
then you get them thinking about the
future state and by default they start
realizing how big they
from where they are to where they want
to go they start feeling that they're
not there they start getting concerned
they can't get there they stop thinking
about what it's going to take to stop
thinking about what's missing
and you just kind of walk through the
door epic man well
this has been really useful for everyone
tuning in keenan we do like to ask if
there's one thing i think you're into
video so that could be the answer is
there one thing that businesses should
be doing with digital marketing
that they can start today that's going
to benefit their sales and their
business
focus on the message i think too many
people think it's the delivery
i mean look yes i do video i do video
because it serves me well
it fits my personality um but
it might not do so well for someone else
or another business
so to me it's less about the medium
video
or the distribution channel twitter
linkedin whatever
it's more about your message and your
brand and your culture
so go play where your best and you can
make the most
noise and and that should start with
understanding who your buyer is
what do you sell to them and how are you
delivering a message that gets their
attention how you can help
them message branding culture that's
great
okay man i'd like to ask everyone that
comes on if you could thank just one
person
either dead or alive having a positive
influence on yourself and your career
who would that be
and why
wow it's sad i i i i'm curious
what other people have to say in and how
many people thought trite
answers versus how many people can say
oh my god
unequivocally this man or this woman
like
single-handedly or had a huge impact
because
um i don't have one i have one person
i'm gonna say here in a second
but it's a good opportunity for me to
for other people to be paying attention
we need more invested mentors and
leaders
right we need more of those because
there really isn't a person
in my life that i can be like this guy
or this girl
was there with me they stayed with me
they were vested they checked in
they challenged me they pushed me they
didn't let me accept
you know certain things they didn't let
me accept mediocrity they called me on
my [__]
they you know applauded me when i was
doing it they
you know made connections for me like
someone who's like a critical
peer or mentor don't have one of those
right
just people don't like to invest their
time on other people so
uh but there was one guy who gave me a
chance after that first
um job ah his name was mike sexy he was
a guy that
was a huge influence in hiring me i know
sexy you gotta love that name right
um immature yeah yeah he played a huge
role
in um getting me that job with that i.t
consulting firm when everybody else
the kid's got no experience he's only
been selling for years one year he
doesn't know our space
he doesn't know this he doesn't know
that and he was like no this kid this
kid can do it and
and uh and so yeah he was the one who
got me to believe i could get it done
uh i talk about his leadership style a
lot so i give credit to him
but he was only there if the influence
he had that sent me
sent me on my way but there was no one
there that was there all the time or it
was a
big chunk you know what i'm saying so so
that my message
is people people look for opportunities
to get involved with people and help
them and don't just help them and then
move on like
we need more people leading and helping
more people because
i think there's a lot of young people
even older people a lot of young people
who may not reach their level because
they come from places where they don't
have a father figure or a mother figure
or they come from places that
just are outside of the realm of where
they'd be good and if someone could help
them pull them up and show them in the
right direction or build them up or
maybe they can't place it people didn't
support them and told them they were a
loser and they just need confidence like
people can help people if we're looking
for it but we're always just trying to
grab that perfect person out of that
perfect school with the perfect pedigree
and we're losing all kinds of great
talent um because people aren't stepping
up and looking for ways to
to mentor people or mentor young people
etc so we can do more of that
thanks man that's a great message well
everyone you've been tuning in to sam's
business grove show where we sit down
with business leaders
experts and entrepreneurs from around
the globe we find out their story how
marketing's helped along the way
and they're exclusive tips and insights
to help you skyrocket yourselves
and your business keenan tell us a bit
more about the best way people can get
in touch how everyone can connect with
you and your business
you can go to keenan.live kenan.live or
you can go to a salesguy.com and then of
course you can find me on linkedin under
keenan dot
so any one of those thanks mate really
appreciate you coming on
i got you baby thank you are you tired
of constantly hunting for new customers
you could be missing out on regular
inbound opportunities all because
your website isn't on the first page of
google
perhaps you're already spending lots of
money on advertising but your website is
failing to convert
all of your hard-earned visitors into a
consistent flow
of new customers if you'd like to learn
more about our unusual approach
that brings idle clients straight to you
connect with sam dunning on linkedin
or book a free 20-minute consultation
via webchoiceuk.com
that's webchoiceuk.com
subscribe today for more digital
marketing sales and business growth tips
from the experts